
These forest guardians are said to have been created by the goddess Gaia to protect forests across the globe.
Spring-mon are considered the caretakers of spring. They come out near the end of  winter to prepare the natural world for spring. Be it protecting baby animals or using their magic to have flowers bloom.
Legend says that if Autumn-mon inhabits a forest that it will have the most brilliant golden leaves.
Deer-mon are quite fearful creatures and tend to stay away from humans. Despite all this they have quite strong legs for kicking things with. 
Despite its size, this Flower-mon is actually peaceful and enjoys the company of fairies. Its flower petals are quite durable.
Flytrap-mon thrive in dark and moist environments. Many adventures have fallen prey to them due to their ability to stay perfectly still and silent. The jaws on Flytrap-mon rivale any predator.
It is told that gifting a petal from Rose-mon grants the two with true and eternal love. Despite all this they are quite snobby.
The pink spots on Mushroom-mon are filled with poison. While not deadly, it keeps them safe from being eaten.
Fungi-mon are considered tasty by most predators. This has led them to be very skittish and weary of everyone they see.
Seed-mon are quite literally small sentient seeds. They will bloom into Berry-mon someday.
Bud-mon prefers to stay out of battle and becomes agitated quite easily.
The fruit that decorates Berry-mon is very nutritious. It is not attached to their bodies and will give it to any creature that is hurting.
Garden-mon are prized by expert gardeners. It is said to bring blooming abundance to any garden.
The honey that Bee-mon creates is very sweet. However they do not like to share it, this has made their honey quite valuable.
When Wasp-mon feels threatened it will attack with toxic stingers that cause petrification. The effects of their attacks can take weeks to fully heal.
Don't be fooled by their fluffy demeanors, Hunter-mon will not hesitate to strike down weary adventurers. They are expert archers and never miss a shot.
Leaf-mon protects patches of forest untouched by human hands. They will erase the memory of anyone who stumbles upon their homes.
Those who look into Sakura-mon's eyes will fall into a sweet and peaceful slumber. The dreams they bestow can be deadly, however, because they may end up in an eternal paradise.
Lily-mon guard crystal springs. The water they live in can heal any ailment. However these springs can never be mapped for some reason.
Legend states that Elf-mon were once fairies who gave up their humanity to become one with the earth. Their lives are abnormally long.
Cloud-mon can easily change their shape. They prefer to look like young maidens.
When Mist-mon enters any area, a strong, opaque fog will follow it. They are often the cause of ships crashing into the shore.
The elegance Snow-mon possesses has led to many men falling head over heels with them. A kiss from Snow-mon will freeze one's lungs, causing them to suffocate.
Dust-moon appears during large dust storms. They enjoy playing in the dirt with disregard to other's feelings.
Bird-mon have large wings that allow them to travel at speeds over 300 miles per hours. The guest created can topple poorly built structures.
The wings of Raven-mon are covered in a sleek material. They are currently disregarded as bad omens where in previous times they have helped small villages relocate during devastating disasters.
Swan-mon live in large groups. They enjoy dance and have inspired some of the greatest masterpieces of dance.
Ocean-mon have the ability to melt into water. Despite being kind hearted they can become oblivious to the extent of their powers, sometimes flooding sea-side villages.
The voice of Deep Sea-mon is dangerously alluring. They will lead male sailors to their doom by drawing them in the darkest trenches of the sea.
Goldfish-mon can only live in clean rivers and ponds. It is a good omen to find one, as it means the area contains no pollution.
Shell-mon are hoarders of shells and anything shiny. They enjoy picking through the sand all day long. The pincers on their heads can snap through steel.
The light illuminated by Pearl-mon can be seen from hundreds of miles away during a moonless night. They use their fan shaped tail as a weapon.
White Pearl-mon can see miles away. Their light can blind anyone from any distance if they sense danger. 
Glass-mon are elegant creatures who enjoy shape shifting their bodies into different shapes and sizes.
Rain-mon will only appear during rain storms. They will turn into steam if hit by sunlight.
Rainbow-mon's hair contains every color in existence. During nightfall all the color will fade away, returning the next morning.
Galaxy-mon can be incredibly dangerous as they could accidently create a black hole. Each umbrella had a unique constellation on it.
The precious jewels that cover Sapphire-mon contain every color of the sea.
Ruby-mon are significantly rarer then Sapphire-mon. Their jewels can reach over 1000 degrees.
It is believed that Marble-mon were built during ancient times. They are very large and heavy. The pants that make up their hair do not grow, it is still unknown why.
Obsidian-mon are said to be formed from rock from before the magic dimension was born. They are as dark as deep space.
The water flowing from Founrain-mon's head is actually not water but millison of tiny blue minerals.
Queen-mon guards the entrance to the End of the Rainbow and the Ancient Abyss. It is not uncommon for a fairies' wings to be slashed off by their diamond hard attacks.
The pots on Clay-mon's head can bring anything back to life. They were much more common during ancient times.
The fine porcelain or Porcelain-moon is prized by nobility. They dress in the finest silk known to mankind.
The bell that makes up Gear-mons dress makes the most beautiful chime. No one knows who created Gear-mon. Their metal is immune to rusting.
Metal-mon has four large legs that can grip onto any material. Despite their skin being made of metal, they are fully living and natural creatures to the world.
Snake-mon can turn anyone who looks into its eyes into stone. Their head is covered in snakes.
Serpent-mon are common in desert areas. They are knowledgeable but only speak in riddles. Ancient kings used to be advised by these creatures.
Mirror-mon has no face of its own. However, it can reflect a face it has previously seen whenever it wants. They are not actual mirrors.
Gold-mon are made entirely out of gold, even their elegant dresses are even made of liquid gold. Though no one knows for certain, Gold-mon are rumored to be the servants of the divine.
Flame-mon are masters of seduction. Their skin can cause severe burns to anyone who touches it.
The fire emitting from Blue Flame-mon's head is actually cold. Despite this, it will still burn anything that touches it.
Acid-mon can create an acid that is able to melt any material in existence. They are very intelligent and may know more than man-kind.
Horror-mon are extremely diabolice creatures. Stay clear from them. They enjoy hurting other creatures and watching them wither and die. Their hair is a blood-like substance.
The light that Atomic-mon illuminates is extremely radioactive. A fairy must use a spell to stay safe from them during battle. Their umbrella is actually a bomb.
During ancient times, Moth-mon was worshipped as a messenger from the sun. Their wings will naturally fall off, making them rare and valuable armor materials.
Ice-moths emit an icy mist from their heads. They will keep other creatures safe during snow storms by covering them with their wings.
Wisp-mon enjoys messing with adventurers and will lead them to become lost. However, they do sometimes lead those pure of heart to treasure. 
Candle-mons bodies are made entirely out of wax. Looking to long at its flame will cause a deep sleep.
Certain societies regard Muetro-mon as guides to death, perhaps due to the fact that their head is a skull. They leave a trail of marigolds wherever they travel. 
Face-mon has three faces. They are incapable of feeling any emotion besides joy, anger, and sadness. Therefore, it is best to stay on their good side. 
Alien-mon are believed to come from the cosmos above. No one knows when these mysterious creatures first appeared.
Kitsune-mon are shape shifting pranksters. They like to wear the most modern and up to date fashion.
Ice Kitsune-mon are immune to cold temperatures. They often forget that other creatures are not.
Fire Kitsune-mon will follow around unknowing travelers in hopes they will drop something. That way they can sell it back to the adventurer.
Each mask of Mask-mon is different. The amount of markings they have represents their status. They live in tribes.
Oni-mon are very mean creatures. They like to mess with little children or cause mischief to campers.
Kabuki-mon's movements are extremely graceful. They make no sound and communicate through gestures.
Dawn-mon only appears during the break of dawn. Their wings are as bright as the sun. Anyone who sees one will be granted with eternal luck.
Those who become enlightened in life will be reborn as Enlightened-mon. They are immortal creatures who live in the heavens. Occasionally, they will come down to the human realms.
Lighthouse-mon are very joyful creatures and enjoy playing with little girls. The help travelers by acting as a guiding light.
Aurora-mon can only be found in the northern most parts of the world. They are, however, a rare sight to see. Although, anyone who does see one will be granted great inspiration.
When there is a full moon, there is a chance the Moon-moon will appear. Their light will calm any unnerved mind.
In ancient times, entire temples were erected in an attempt to view this magnificent creature. Modern day has determined that a special spell is needed to view them safely.
Angel-mon are said to be messengers of the gods above. Despite their healing capabilities they have no kindness towards mankind in recent decades.
Fallen Angel-mon are Angel-mon who disobeyed the orders of their masters. They have grown bitter and destructive because of this. 
Anyone who embraces Death-mon will instantly die. They are over confident and see themselves as gods.
Disease follows Blood-mon's every step. Every one hundred years they will bring a new disease into existence.
Knight-mon never shows their true faces. They fight against the forces of darkness. Armies of them stood next to fairies during the Fey conquest. 
Spider-mon was once a woman who believed herself stronger than the gods. Her pride led her to be cursed into this creature. They make incredibly beautiful clothes. 
Tick-mon is found only in deep jungles. If they enter any other biomes besides a jungle, then that area is doomed to wither and die in only a matter of years.
Witch-mon may not be a living creature at all! It is instead said to be an enchanted scarecrow. No one has ever been able to get close enough to see.
Despite its appearance, Demon-mon are kind creatures. They will help adventurers travel the darkest of places. However, their appearance caused them to be hunted to near extinction during the Fey Conquest.
One of the four knights of darkness. Toxic-mon will kill anything it touches. She emits a miasma that causes death in a few minutes. 
One of the four knights of darkness. Vent-mon comes from deep within the ocean. Her monstrous appearance causes anyone who views her to instantly die. She can survive anywhere.
One of the four knights of darkness. Bone-mon is adorned with the bones of her enemies. Once a violent knight, she became infatuated with death.
One of the four knights of darkness. Midnight mon has no physical form, she is instead the personification of fear and the unknown. This makes her the hardest knight for fairies to defeat.
Keeper of the Ancient Abyss, The Hydra is the last known living gorgon from the Fey Conquest when they massacred her kind. She had grown large and powerful due to hatred and resent. 
The elemental of water. Hydraula brought water to the realms. She taught man-kind how to adapt to change.
The elemental of earth. Terraunda created the foundation of realms. She taught man-kind stability and understanding.
The elemental of fire. Pyra brought fire to the realms. She taught man-kind courage and valence.
The elemental of air. Areola created the atmosphere of the realms. She taught man-kind individuality and the importance of freedom.
Due to the Fey Queen's success in unifying the realms of the magic dimension, she was granted the possession of guardian of heaven's gate. She tests fairies as the final challenge to becoming full guardian fairies.
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT
TEST TEXT