Hello, my name is Tigris. 
Uhm is there anything else you want. 
Like my dress? I designed it myself. My fashion creativity is exploding. 
I have heard rumors that everyone at Alfea had impeccable fashion sense but I never truly believed it until now. 
I would, uhm, rather not show you my sketches.
Like my dress? I designed it myself. My fashion creativity is exploding. 
I have heard rumors that everyone at Alfea had impeccable fashion sense but I never truly believed it until now. 
I would, uhm, rather not show you my sketches.
I caught Maria doing this gorgeous drawing of the fountain just now. 
I am extremely impressed with her art skills. They are much better than anything I could do. 
Just look at her miraculous use of color. So inaccurate and yet it captures an even stronger reality.
The best part of fall is the color scheme. 
Despite being a fairy of blossoms, this season is always the most inspiring to me.
I hate how the snow prohibits me from spending much time outside. 
So I have been spending a lot of time in the library. 
However, I found numerous fashion books so yeah, I'm spending a lot of time here from now on.
I have too many tests coming up to make a dress for Paige. I wish I could make some though. 
Spring has so many dyes to use that I can practically make a dress in any color I want. 
Needless to say, it allows me to create some of my best designs.
The statues in the temple are amazing. Want to take a look at my sketches of them. 
There seems to be a repeating symbol throughout their gorgeous accessories.
Oh my goodness yes. The lack of nature has totally weakened my powers. 
And it’s a shame too, the archaic architecture and paintings here hold so much history and inspiration. 
I want to study them more but I’m afraid I’ll get ambushed by some enemies.
Oh my goodness yes. The lack of nature has totally weakened my powers. 
And it’s a shame too, the abundance of color here holds so much artistry and inspiration. 
I want to study them more but I’m afraid I’ll get ambushed by some enemies.
It’s over. It truly is. I’m a bit surprised how fast it feels. 
And yet I know it was also a large and hard journey. 
Alfea and our adventures will forever be my greatest inspiration. 
Keep watch out for when I become a famous designer okay. I’m not kidding, I’m serious. 
You were truly a great friend to work with.