Hello, I'm Enya. I have an odd power, the fairy of Ice Fire. Or at least everyone else finds my power confusing. 
They don't know if I'm an air fairy or a fire fairy. 
To set the record straight, I am a fire fairy. Got it.
I have an odd power, the fairy of Ice Fire. Or at least everyone else finds my power confusing. 
They don't know if I'm an air fairy or a fire fairy. 
To set the record straight, I am a fire fairy. Got it.
My power has always been a bit difficult for me to control. I really don't want to cause a problem here in the school or out in the field. 
Professor Bobble's really been helping me hone my control.
Okay stop bragging about me Enya. You're great too. 
I have never seen someone handle water magic with as much grace and connection as you have. 
Everyone could learn from the way you battle.
Hana you are not hideous! She needs to stop being so hard on herself. 
As for me, I love the cold. I feel as if it empowers me. It also does wonders for my hair. 
When it gets too hot my hair will frizz out and get too poofy. 
I love the spring air. It's not too hot and not too cold. It's just perfect. 
I could spend all day out here with my eyes closed and the sun on my face. 
Too bad I have been studying. At least I can do my homework out here.
Hana, I'll make sure my flames aren't too hot. 
If anything happens, I'm more afraid you'll soak the plant to death.
Choosing between a final transformation was so hard. There are so many and they are all so amazing. 
Honestly though, I'm choosing whichever I like the look of the best. 
I know I should pay attention to how they affect my growth as a fairy, but that's too boring.
Choosing between a final transformation was so hard. There are so many and they are all so amazing. 
Honestly though, I'm choosing whichever I like the look of the best. 
I know I should pay attention to how they affect my growth as a fairy, but that's too boring.
I came to Alfea to work hard and become a great guardian fairy. 
I achieved that and made the bestest friend of my life. It's more than I could ever ask for. 
As for you, well you probably became my second best friend. Don't take it too hard, I loved having your company!