Hello, I’m Professor Clover. Surprised to see a male teacher here huh. 
Well I was just as surprised myself when I found out I got the job. 
I teach both Botany and Elementology. 
These classes will help you understand the technical aspect of the magical elements you wield. 
I teach both Botany and Elementology. 
These classes will help you understand the technical aspect of the magical elements you wield. 
Lapis is very dedicated to her schoolwork. 
I’m impressed. However she does need to work on not drawing my plants.
Autumn is always my busiest time of the year. I have to work on harvesting all of Alfeas crops.
Due to the xhausting nature of harvesting magical crops, they can be a bit feisty.
I alway hope students will come to help. Especially the nature fairies. Sadly, little do help each year if any come at all.
Alfea has some of the world's best greenhouses. I teach most of my classes there during the winter. 
It’s always fun to help a student find out how her powers might affect the natural world around her. 
You’d be surprised how many great discoveries have been made in the magical field just by casting a spell on flowers alone.
Enya and Hana have been having trouble with my class recently so I’m having them do a project for extra credit. 
Even then, I made sure the plant the cast spells on could survive their magic. 
I don’t want to have any of Alfeas rare plants die because of ignorant students.
Despite being a teacher at Alfea I would never want to travel the Ancient Abyss. 
I would most likely get destroyed if I took one step in there. 
I don’t mind though, there have been no records of any living organism to be found. 
So I’m fine in a field of flowers or a forest of trees.
Despite being a teacher at Alfea I would never want to travel the End of the Rainbow. 
I would most likely get destroyed if I took one step in there. 
I don’t mind though, there have been no records of any living organism to be found. 
So I’m fine in a field of flowers or a forest of trees.
Congratulations on your victory. 
I hope you remember your times at Alfea foundly.