Sup, I’m Talia. A nature fairy of trees. 
I can’t wait to start studying Botany here. I hear Alfea has amazing green houses. 
I wonder what plants are cultivated? I would ask Professor Clover, but uh, I would rather not.
I can’t wait to start studying Botany here. I hear Alfea has amazing green houses. 
I wonder what plants are cultivated? I would ask Professor Clover, but uh, I would rather not.
Cindy and I have been friends since we were little. 
We're both from Lynphea. I've always helped her study.
Fall is the time of the harvest. Ya know, great crops, great food. 
Now is the time to flex my cooking skills to the whole school. These mushrooms in the forest make an amazing stew. 
Though I have been ambushed a few times by the mushroom-mons and fungi-mons.
You can get through this winter Talia. Don’t worry Talia. 
Ugh if only I had the courage to ask Professor Clover if I could help him with his plants. 
That would make me feel better. I just feel so powerless with little plant life around. 
Wait did you just hear all that? Ugh can you pretend you didn’t.
You can’t change my mind. Flora is the strongest. 
I get Crystal’s point, and maybe I’m biased but actually think about it. 
We don’t give nature enough credit about how strong it is, and therefore we don’t give Flora enough credit about how strong she is. 
Again, just saying.
There is this huge tree in the temple. I want to spend more time deciphering it but a monster keeps attacking me. 
The markings seem to tell the story of the fey war. It holds so much history in it’s actually kind of amazing. 
Too bad for the pesky monsters. I don’t want anything from them so why are they bothering me so much?
The Ancient Abyss is so deep in the earth, it is practically void of all natural life.  
I mean I knew it was going to be hard to defeat the monsters, but we nature fairies are definitely at a disadvantage. 
One of the knights of darkness is similar to the myth of Persephone. 
I could learn from her but- Number one, she is super creepy. And number two is that I just prefer nature that isn't dead.
The End of the Rainbow is so high in the heavens, it is practically void of all natural life. 
It’s kind of odd. We think of the heavens as a paradise and yet life doesn’t live there. 
I mean I knew it was going to be hard to defeat the monsters, but we nature fairies are definitely at a disadvantage.
The year is over. It happened so fast. 
Looking back now I wish I had the courage to talk with the professors more. Leave it to me to mess that up. 
However, I can’t replace the memories and friends I made, especially my memories I formed with you. 
This year was actually the best one of my life.