Hi, I'm Cindy. I'm a fairy of bees. 
I like flowers. My favorite color is yellow. Oh, I like the strawberry flavor a lot. 
But um, I'm excited about Alfea! I'm uhm not the best at schoolwork. 
But I love transforming and battling monsters, I think I'm good at that. 
So I will keep my grades up and become a great fairy.
I'm excited about Alfea! I'm uhm not the best at schoolwork. 
But I love transforming and battling monsters, I think I'm good at that. 
So I will keep my grades up and become a great fairy.
These tests are hard. Good thing I have Talia. 
Now tell me, what's the difference between vivalun and vivasol.
Ugh, I'm stuck studying while Talia gets to cook. 
I want her food not these books. How does school come so naturally to her!?
Is it wrong to be from Lynphea and like the snow. It never snows at home so I can’t help but get excited. 
Oh and Maria showed me a picture of snowflakes. I want to try and see those pretty crystals.
I have been needing to be more careful with my powers in this stratum. 
The flowers are just bursting with pollen which attracts a tone of bees. 
I don’t want to hurt the monsters living here.
I don’t like how restrictive the walls of this stratum are. 
It was so peaceful at first with the flower fields and pretty willow trees and everything. 
But no one is talking about how scary these ruins are. I can’t be amazed when I’m creeped out.
I don’t like this abyss. It’s too big and mazey. But I guess that’s the point if it’s our final challenge and all. 
The knights are too scary. Can I just not battle them? 
No, I can’t think like that can I. I have to be courageous.
I don’t like this rainbow. It’s too big and mazey. But I guess that’s the point if it’s our final challenge and all. 
I never knew rainbows could be so scary. Can I just not traverse them? 
No, I can’t think like that can I. I have to be courageous.
I know we’re supposed to be happy and celebrating and everything, but I’m kind of sad. 
The year has come to a close and we’re now all guardian fairies. 
I’m going to miss everyone. Especially you. Thank you for being a great friend. 
Do you want these strawberry cookies, I and Talia made for all our friends we made?