How are you, excited I hope. My name is Professor Bobble. 
I teach enchantments and mythology here at Alfea. 
In Enchantments you will hone the power of your spells, making them more effective than ever before. 
And in Mythology not only will you learn the history of the magical dimension, 
but also about the foes of myth and legend to better prepare yourself against the monsters you encounter out in the field.
I teach enchantments and mythology here at Alfea. 
In Enchantments you will hone the power of your spells, making them more effective than ever before. 
And in Mythology not only will you learn the history of the magical dimension, 
but also about the foes of myth and legend to better prepare yourself against the monsters you encounter out in the field.
There are always a few students at the start of the school year who have immense power but lack the skills to truly tap into them. 
Enya is just one of those students. I hope I can help her without getting my dress burned or frozen.
All types of magic require students to tap into a different source of power, or emotion, inside of them. 
Therefore it is critical to understand yourself and your own thought process to become a powerful fairy.
Little students underestimate the effect weather and the environment can have on their magic. 
Of course your magic will be more powerful in certain areas than others. 
Such as water fairies on the ocean or light fairies on a sunny day.
I’m often surprised with how disciplined or knowledgable my students are. Such as Lapis and Hana.
I dislike having an empty classroom but I suppose the Fey Temple is too exciting for students to want to be near an old one like myself. 
Oh well, at least you came to talk to me. Since you're here I’ll share something interesting. 
The Fey Temple was home to the Fey Fairies. The first fairies to transform and properly use magic.
I wish I could give you more advice but alas my knowledge on the darkness is limited. 
Best of luck against the Hydra. 
What I do know however is that the four knights of darkness compose the darker sides of the four primal elements. 
Toxic to water. Bone to earth. Vent to fire. And the cosmos to air.
Oh I love rainbows. They are in fact the foundation to all spells. I
t’s true all magic originated from a rainbow spectrum. And by spectrum it is more of an infinite loop. 
I usually don’t share this with beginner students as it is a difficult topic to grasp.
Very amazing job I do say. I’m always a bit sad to see my students graduate. 
But then I remind myself that they’ll become some of the greatest guardian fairies our dimension has to offer. 
I know you all will do great things for the future.