Pencils check. Notebooks checks. Textbooks check. 
Oh I didn’t see you there. Hi I’m Lapis. Fairy of the deep sea. 
I’m from a small realm and they sacrificed a lot to send me here so I don’t want to prove them wrong.
Pencils check. Notebooks checks. Textbooks check. 
I’m from a small realm and they sacrificed a lot to send me here so I don’t want to prove them wrong.
Everyone is so focused on exploring but we can’t forget to work our hardest on our practical school work as well. 
Especially if we want to advance to our next transformation. Alfea only lets you advance if you have the required grades. 
I do not want to be stuck in my magix form that’s for sure.
Ugh, honestly, the library is a place that’s supposed to be quiet for reading and studying. 
Can’t that girl in the pink quite down, she is so loud. 
And you, I need to study so stop talking to me, please.
I’m not used to all this cold. My home planet is tropical. I’ve read about snow but never have actually seen it first hand.
I get what you’re saying but uhm, grades really are important.
I don’t want to abandon them if it means I can control my water powers slightly better.
The library is overrun with students I’ve never seen use it before. They are all looking to read about the fey fairies. 
Well I want to read about them too. I guess I can wait.
I mean maybe I should be happy more people are using the library, right?
Everyone is talking about how excited they are to defeat the final boss and everything. 
Do they even realize this is our final exam in order to graduate. 
Don’t get me wrong, traversing this abyss is exciting, but also stressful.
Everyone is talking about how excited they are to defeat the final boss and everything. 
Do they even realize this is our final exam in order to graduate. 
Don’t get me wrong, traversing the rainbow is exciting, but also stressful.
I learned so much this year. I can’t wait to return home and become my planet's first ever guardian fairy. 
While I plan to protect us from any magical threat, I also want to start up my own school someday so others can also become great fairies like I have. 
Sorry I was a bit rude to you and everything. I appreciated the times you talked to me.