HI! I’m Maria! Fairy of rainbows! 
There is simply so much to draw here at Alfea. 
Amazing architecture, fashionable students, and beautiful stratums filled with unique monsters. 
It’s more than I could even ask for. Though I suppose I need to focus on my studies as well. don’t I?
There is simply so much to draw here at Alfea. 
Amazing architecture, fashionable students, and beautiful stratums filled with unique monsters. 
It’s more than I could even ask for. Though I suppose I need to focus on my studies as well. don’t I?
Would you like to take a look at my sketch of this fountain. 
It’s truly enamoring. Especially the way the water glistens with the sunlight and shadows of this courtyard. 
Among her already absolutely gorgeous figure that is. 
I wonder if this statue is meant to be anyone in particular?
All these other students are messing over how fashionable a season autumn is. 
If I’m honest with you, I never totally cared how I’ve looked. I don't see the appeal. 
To me autumn represents passionate warm colors, and food. I love to draw food. 
But then I get too hungry doing so.
Can you keep a secret? I’ve snuck down to the last floor of this stratum to catch a glimpse of the stratum boss. 
I read that she was this beautiful maiden made of aurora. 
Of course with that description I just had to sneak down and try and draw her. 
But when I did make it that deep and saw her I realized I brought with me the totally wrong medium. 
Pencils are nice yes, but the way the aurora floated around her. Only my watercolor can accomplish that.
My powers can affect the color of a flower. 
However, usually they don't change the entire petal and just come off as streaks or dots. 
Professor Clover has been helping me solve that issue. 
I simply can not tell you how excited I am to unlock more pigments to paint with.
The fey temple is extremely frustrating. Especially the warp puzzle on the third floor. 
And yet I can’t help but draw the warp points. Or I guess the stones around those warp points. 
I find it amazing the way that the sparkles shoot off and shatter like starlight across each indibusal stone placed.
I’ve really been enjoying this stratum. I’ve been able to see shades of shadow and darkness I’ve never known existed before. 
It’s so wonderful. It’s even cooler when I see the way my rainbow power generates shadows. 
I’ve really been enjoying this rainbow stratum. 
I mean the world is so beautiful in color and as we explore we get to experience all the colors it has to offer. 
It’s so wonderful. Even my rainbow powers have never been able to generate this much color as we see now.
This year was such a wonderful time. Looking back at my art from when we started I’ve grown so much.
I’m even a bit embarrassed to show others because of how bad I think it is now. 
However I am up to show my current work. Take a look at this sketch of the final boss I drew. 
You were an amazing person to meet this year, I loved showing you me art.