Hello, my name is Blanche. I am a fairy of silver. 
I am extremely ecstatic to study here at Alfea. The fairies trained here go on to become the best of the best. 
I know I will become just like that, afterall I don't want to be a failure, do I now?
I am extremely ecstatic to study here at Alfea. The fairies trained here go on to become the best of the best. 
I know I will become just like that, afterall I don't want to be a failure, do I now?
I do not understand those who have no plan on education here. 
I knew from the start what subjects I wanted to master. And what transformations require those subjects. 
Even our first upgrade is critical in what our final transformation will be.
Arianna is very ditsy I must say. How does she not understand that her air magic could not be more different then my earth magic. 
I must stay grounded and level headed if my earth magic is to be in top form. 
On the other hand then, I guess being air headed matches an air fairy.
Because of the cold no one is outside. I don't understand why, the snow is so wonderful. 
And it allows me to wear my wide variety of jackets. 
Winter is no doubt my favorite time of year.
How safe do you think this wooden structure is in the Sakura Steps. 
It goes up much too high for my liking, I prefer to stay close to the ground. And not to go too high up. 
However I must, I suppose. I don't want to suffer my progress because of my own fear.
The statues all over the fey temple are just gorgeous, especially the relics they're wearing. 
You see the Fey Fairies were the original founders of the different planets and realms. 
As such, I'm recognizing a lot of their ornaments as royal artifacts. 
Little is actually known about the Ancient Abyss. 
No one knows when it was constructed, and we yet to still figure out the runes that mark the walls. 
I've tried my hardest to find anything about it in this library but I am yet to find anything about its history. 
I suppose I could ask Professor Bobble for some insight.
Little is actually known about the End of the Rainbow. No one knows when the entrance was discovered.
We don't even know if they rainbows are light energy or not. I've read a book in this library that disputed if they were light magic.
I suppose I could ask Professor Bobble for some insight.
This year is over and I could not be happier with my results as a fairy. 
I truly valued the time you gave to me. 
Not many people like to listen to my speeches, nor do they think I'm nice enough a person to be friends with. 
So, thank you, I value your friendship so much.