Hi, I’m Crystal, fairy of Crystals! 
I know, I know, it’s not the most original but I like how it sounds. 
By the way, I am just so excited to study here! 
I’ll get the best education for a fairy in all of the realms. 
Oh, and make lifelong friends, form a group of fairies, and become inspiration for the generations to follow.
I am just so excited to study here! 
I’ll get the best education for a fairy in all of the realms. 
Oh, and make lifelong friends, form a group of fairies, and become inspiration for the generations to follow.
We’re fighting monsters, and transforming, and oh my goodness my dreams are coming true. 
While, technically speaking, this is all schoolwork, it is magical schoolwork! 
Who can not have fun learning to mix potions, studying star patterns, or practicing freaking magical spells for homework!
You see those statues down there by the entrance. They are the winx club and they are my idols. 
They fought hard to save the dimension, and looked fashionable doing it. 
They are pretty much the whole reason I want to be a fairy.
Professor Bobble is teaching me how I can use snowflakes to enhance my magic and all. 
Snowflakes are technically ice crystals so they work with my power. 
Who knew! I’m excited to try out these techniques.
Talia and I are arguing over who the stronger Winx member was. It’s obviously Bloom, right? 
She literally has the power of the Dragon Flame. You know, the power of the creator of the magical dimension. 
How can you not think she is the strongest.
The temple's architecture is just like my castle back home. I never knew my planet had such a history. 
And oddly enough the biggest statue's tiara looks just like mine. So, I’ve been looking through the library. 
I found out that my home planet, Lunaria, was the final resting place of the Fey Queen. Super interesting huh… 
OMG I wonder if I am a descendant of her since I am the princess of my planet! 
Oh oh oh, I wonder if that means I have a magical destiny!
This stratum is beautiful. A bit of a melancholy ending if you ask me. 
Yeah it's beautiful, but the year's almost over. 
It’s just not fair, I want to have more magical adventures! 
At least I get to have one in this epic stratum of darkness.
This stratum is beautiful. A bit of a melancholy ending if you ask me. 
Yeah it's beautiful, but the year's almost over. 
It’s just not fair, I want to have more magical adventures! 
At least I get to have one in this epic stratum of light.
Wow that final battle was hard. But fun. Yeah, I said it was fun. Though I think I may be in the minority. 
Oh, by the way I talked to my parents and I do have fey queen blood, or whatever. 
And yet, I had no super major epic magical destiny. 
Oh well, at least this year was a ton of fun even if it wasn’t overly dramatic like I had envisioned. 
Especially thanks to you.