Hi I’m Vivian, princess Vivian, of the planet Vexor. To be exact. 
While I know this school will teach me to become an expert guardian fairy and everything, 
honestly, I’m more excited to show everyone my expert fashion sense. 
While I know this school will teach me to become an expert guardian fairy and everything, 
honestly, I’m more excited to show everyone my expert fashion sense. 
We have to defeat monsters! No one told me this. 
I mean I should have expected it, but still, it’s hard work. 
Well, at least I get to look super fashionable in my fairy form as I fight. 
And since final fairy transformations grant a fairy the ultimate elegance, I guess I’ll keep at it.
The leaves are turning and it is getting chillier. Guess what that means. 
More shopping for fall outfits. 
Afterall, autumn is only the most fashionable time of year.
UGHHHHHH! I’ve been struggling with Elementology recently. 
Professor Bobble says it is ‘Of great importance for a fairy of alchemy to master the ins and outs of Elementology.’ 
It’s just not the most interesting subject in the world. 
And the cold doesn’t help either. I hate the cold.
My planet is usually covered in snow, but there are a few months where my kingdom is filled with blooming Sakura Trees. 
Similar to this current stratum. 
Let me tell you, it’s the only time I enjoy wearing our traditional fashion. 
Spring kimonos look fabulous on me and with the blossoms. 
Everyone back home criticizes me for not wearing our traditional style more. 
I, of course, ignore their insults because I will be fashion forward now and forever.
We just gained access to our final fairy forms. 
This is perhaps the most exciting time for me at Alfea. 
We get to become stronger and look more fashionable as a result. 
This is why I became a fairy, I’m telling you.
Why does this abyss have to be so dark, scary, and old. 
The darkness is suffocating me and, well, I don’t think I can do this. 
However I have you by my side.
Obviously, yes! I’m totally excited to traverse this rainbow. 
But do you know how hard it is to accessorize for a rainbow background. 
No shade to people who were a rainbow style, but I am just struggling. 
I’m not the only fashionable one who thinks this, just ask Paige.
To be honest, I wasn’t sure if I could complete this final mission or not. 
Of course I went on a celebratory shopping spree. 
And of course everyone will be awestruck by my success when I return home. 
My time here at Alfea was just as I expected and more. 
I’m really happy I met you.