Hi, I’m Tahsa. Nice to meet you girl. 
Sorry about Paige. She's actually really sweet. We’ve trained together for a long time. 
Can you, ugh, leave now. We have a reputation to uphold by not talking to people like you.
Sorry about Paige. She's actually really sweet. We’ve trained together for a long time. 
Can you, ugh, leave now. We have a reputation to uphold by not talking to people like you.
Girl, we unlocked our transformations. Paige says transformation isn't the only aspect of becoming a fairy. 
Though, you have to admit it is one of the best parts. 
However, I don’t think everyone here has the potential to pull off some of them.
As usual I have become the midgator between Paige and everyone else. 
Yes, what she said was a bit harsher than what she claims she said. 
But girl, that is also just her personality. 
You can’t change people and nor do I think you should. Plus it couldn’t help the girl to try something new once in a while.
I can't wait for it to get dark. My favorite thing is to just watch the snow fall at night.
Why does paige have to be so embarrassing sometimes. 
Like girl! Tigris said she was busy. Leave her the f alone.
The statues here girl are just so freaking cool. 
They have large soulless eyes. Twice the size of any fairy. 
And I can just tell their stone is infused with magic. So cool!
I’m kind of excited to see how thrilled Paige is about exploring the Ancient Abyss. 
I mean, I’m totally stoked but I was expecting Paige would just complain the entire time. 
Because girl, I was always itching to explore this place due to my dark magic.
Yes I prefer the dark stuff, like girls that is my jam. 
However the extremely ethereal vibes everyone gives off here. 
It kind of is creepy to the point where like yes, it is enjoyable and growing my excitement for the final battle.
Hey, I’m glad I caught you before you left. 
I would apologize for Paige, but frankly I’m done apologizing for her. 
And I think she really is starting to become a nicer person. 
I want to wish you the best of luck in your fairy career to come.