I'm at Alfea, but everyone thinks I’m a witch. They say dreams can come true, but I guess not. 
I like to wear black, it's my style. It does not make me a witch. 
And not that I have anything against witches, I just want to be a fairy. That's all. 
And yet no one can seem to accept that or think that from me. 
My name is bridgit by the way.
I'm at Alfea, but everyone thinks I’m a witch. They say dreams can come true, but I guess not. 
I like to wear black, it's my style. It does not make me a witch. 
And not that I have anything against witches, I just want to be a fairy. That's all. 
And yet no one can seem to accept that or think that from me.
I don’t know why my wings are so different. But that makes me no less a fairy. 
I mean, my magic is stronger than most of the students here. I’m just as capable. 
And then all the monsters we battle seem afraid of me. I wonder why? I’m not mean to them ever.
I can’t believe Paige. She is such a bitch. She thinks being royal gives her special privilege or something. 
Ugh can’t she just leave people alone if she thinks they’re trash instead of saying it out loud.
Everyone is excited about the snow. I am too, I guess. But I just prefer the heat. 
And like yeah, my powers are useful against ice and snow, but they're also weaker in it as well.
This season is really pink. Pink is my second favorite color. 
Everyone gets surprised when I mention that I enjoy pink. 
I don't get why. Just look at my hair!
Look at these statues. Such powerful fairies saving their kingdoms and everything. 
I wish I was that strong. And yet I don’t think I can ever achieve their level.
Okay, the ancient abyss is way too edgy. Even for me. 
Like I definitely prefer the more basic stratums to be honest. 
Such as the first one. Flower Fields. That stratum was my jam! 
Ha ha ha. I must sound so lame right?
Despite this being our final stretch of the journey I seem calm in this stratum. 
It’s so sunny and bright and warm and colorful. 
I feel much more at peace than I ever have before.
This year has been great. Especially because of you. 
You helped clear my worry of others not accepting me. And gaining confidence to be myself. 
I can’t thank you enough.
