
Attack the enemy with a splash of water.
Attack the enemy with a wave of water.
Attack the enemy with a beam of bubbles.
Slash the enemy with a razor sharp shell.
Attack the enemy with a beam of aurora.
Blast the enemy with the powerful force of the ocean.
Swallow the enemy in a large and destructive wave.
Attack the enemy with river currents.
Blast the enemy with arctic ice.
Summon forth the powers of the goddess Izanami to attack the enemy with the force of the primordial oceans.
Swallow the enemy in the hightide.
Swallow the enemy in the midnight depths of the ocean.
Trap and drown the enemy in the spirit of a sinking ship.
Attack the enemy with a forceful whip of water.
Attack the enemy with a stinging whip of pearl.
Heal an ally with drops of morning dew.
Heal an ally with an ally with crystal clear spring water.
Protect an ally with a shield made of ice.
Summon forth the auroras
Call the sound of Triton.
Throw a bomb of bubbles onto the enemy
Breath frost onto the enemy.
Call the song of sirens to lure the enemy into vulnerability.
Attack the enemy with the deafening roar of waterfalls.
Attack the enemy with a ray of crystals.
Piece the enemy with sharp iron.
Crush the enemy with a large piece of quartz.
Pierce the enemy with razor-sharp crystals.
Attack the enemy by trapping it in an earthquake.
Blast the enemy with large and heavy pieces of marble.
Attack the enemy with the blinding magnificence of the star sapphire.
Strike the enemy down with a slash of silver light.
Fuse elemental metals together to attack the enemy with a destructive blast.
Call obsidian out of the ground to attack the enemy.
Blast the enemy with large boulders.
Move the continental plates below to crush and swallow the enemy.
Attack the enemy with fast moving pebbles.
Slash  the enemy with thousands of pieces of sand.
Summon forth multiple silver scales to strike down the enemy.
Hurl two large jade javelins to damage the enemy.
Heal an ally with the mystical properties of rose quartz.
Protect an ally with a shield made of bronze.
Protect an ally be encasing them in emerald.
Protect an ally with a shield made of silver.
Protect an ally with a shield made of gold.
Protect an ally by summoning fourth large diamonds.
Protect an ally by scattering millions of tiny diamonds onto them.
Use the mystical properties of rainbow quartz to increase all stats.
Reflect an attack with a large mirror from the earth.
Cover the enemy in hardened mud.
Attack the enemy with a ball of fire.
Attack the enemy with a bolt of fire.
Attack the enemy with a solar flare from the sun above.
Splash acid onto the enemy.
Summon forth large blue flames.
Summon forth large golden flames.
Summon forth a large flaming opal.
Breath flames from a dragon onto the enemy.
Call magma from deep within the earth.
Summon forth the great dragon to eviscerate the enemies in primordial flames of creation and destruction.
Shoot fireworks at the enemy.
Attack the enemy with two large dragon claws.
Attack the enemy with a burning whip of flames.
Heal an ally with a golden dragon egg.
Strike courage into your allies by roaring the roar of a noble dragon.
Inspire your allies with the ancient dance of dragons.
Call lava to lash the enemy.
Call magma to melt the enemy.
Summon a sweltering heat wave onto the battlefield.
Lure the enemy into a more vulnerable state by summoning will o’ wisp.
Hypnotize the enemy with a tranquil flame.
Burn the enemy with the power of a star.
Cut the enemy down with a cloud.
Attack the enemy with razor sharp wind.
Shoot a price wind with the force of a tornado at the enemy.
Summon forth the power of the gods above in a powerful and destructive sphere of pure energy.
Attack the enemy with a nimbus cloud.
Attack the enemy with an acumula cloud.
Attack the enemy with a cirrus cloud.
Summon forth hurricane strong forces onto the battlefield.
Attack the enemy with the almighty thunderbolts of Zeus.
Attack the enemy with two lightning bolts.
Attack the enemy with a shocking whip of lightning.
Heal an ally by summoning a thin but refreshing mist.
Call an angel to bring an ally into its white wings.
Call an angel to bestow a kiss of revival onto an ally.
Summon fast winds to help an ally.
Summon a strong gale to help an ally.
Summon a sparkling and rainbow mist onto the battlefield.
Call frigid winds onto the enemy.
Confuse the enemy with large shape shifting clouds.
Summon a large storm to rein lightning down onto the enemy.
Attack the enemy with sharp flower petals.
Attack the enemy with razor sharp leaves.
Strike down the enemy with a golden sickle.
Strike down the enemy with rough bark.
Summon forth the power of the goddess Gaia to cast her gaze of untamed nature.
Trap the enemy in orchid trees.
Whip the enemy multiple times with strong roots.
Call forth hundreds of hornets to attack the enemy.
Attack the enemy with a pointed whip of thorns.
Heal an ally with sparkling golden honey.
Heal an ally with an aromatic breeze.
Heal all status ailments with a powerful lotus blossom.
Filter mystical sunlight from the trees above.
Heal an ally with the fruits of a harvest.
Protect an ally with a shield made of bark.
Cloak an ally in leaves.
Protect an ally in a honeycomb.
Grant powerful insect eyes to help an allies vision.
Summon forth the tree of life to grant its enchanting powers onto an ally.
Present an ally with the crown of thorns to raise their power.
Lower the enemies awareness with this powerful scent of nature.
Tightly wrap the enemy in an ivy.
Attack the enemy with puffs of pollen.
Kiss the enemy with the toxic lips.
Kiss the enemy with posionas lips.
Curse the enemy with the magic of an old forest.
Attack the enemy with a beam of the four elements.
Strike down the enemy with stars.
Attack the enemy with a beam of rainbows.
With the power of ether, cause a destructive explosion.
Freeze time to attack the enemy at multiple moments.
Attempt to trap the enemy in purgatory by summoning fourth chains of death.
Attempt to trap the enemy in the space time continuum to cease their existence.
Heal an ally with a powerful potion.
Reflect an attack with a mirror.
Reflect an attack with a rainbow.
Use pearls containing the elements to strengthen an ally.
Transfer a status ailment from an ally onto an enemy.
Confuse the enemy with a reflection of its true self.
Lure the enemy into oblivion.
Trick the enemy with the song of the original sorceress.
Summon a toxic mist to curse the enemy.
Drink a potion to guarantee that the next attempt at a status ailment will succeed.
Grant a deadly crown onto the enemy to double the curse damage taken.
Attack the enemy with a beam of sunlight.
Slash the enemy with a blade of sparkling sun.
Summon a royal presence to strike fear and doubt into the enemy.
Attack the enemy with a burst of sunlight.
Strike down the enemy with a blinding chromatic slash.
Bask the enemy in damaging light from the heavens.
Absorb the enemy's life with a kiss.
Absorb the enemy’s life through the power of the sun.
Attempt to trap the enemy in heaven where it will be judged for eternity.
Heal an ally with a ray of light.
Heal an ally with the royal ambrosia of the gods.
Heal an ally with heavenly light.
Use the mystical properties of opal to boost heal an ally.
Chant an ancient sun spell to boost stats.
Wrap an ally in heavenly light to boost their power.
Burn the enemy with strong sun rays.
Blind the enemy with a strong light.
Blind the enemy with a dazzling dust.
Strike the enemy down with shadow magic.
Attack the enemy with a beam of moonlight.
Attack the enemy with a bold of darkness.
Attack the enemy with the power of phantoms.
A deadly stab.
Piece the enemy with string shadow magic.
Attack the enemy with a burst of moonlight.
Attack the enemy with a ray of ghost.
Excrosize all magic out of the enemy.
Attack the enemy with multiple stinging needles.
Absorb the enemy's life with sharp white fangs.
Attempt to trap the enemy in hell where they will burn for eternity.
Use the mystical properties of obsidian to boost heal an ally.
Blind the enemy with a pitch black darkness.
Deafen the enemy with the scream of a banshee.
Petrify the enemy with a death glare.
Curse the enemy with the power of darkness.
Summon forth a hellish red haze.
Call upon a frozen comet to crash into the atmosphere and greatly weaken the enemy.
With the help of the spirit of fallen warriors, leave the enemy in a helpless state.
Grant an ally with a halo of light to protect through the powers of the heavens above.
Summon the World’s Serpent to swallow the enemy and leave it in a state of eternal silence.
With the power of love and justice, attack the enemy twice and increase your own power.
Bring the enemy into the deep depth of the ocean to blind them for eternity. There is a chance they will drown.
Use the power of the moon to increase the magic of your attacks.
Attack the enemy with a wave of dark water. Increases magic.
Call upon the heart of a dragon to attack the enemy and increase your own magic.
Call upon the power of the dragon flame to increase your power and decimate the enemy.
Through the power of the sun and the moon absorb great amounts of energy from the enemy.
Attack the enemy with the ultimate power of the shining sun of Solaria.
Return the enemy to nature. Their life will be healed but they will also be extremely weaker.
Heal the entire party with a breath of nature.
Attack the enemy with a ball of plasma.
Swallow the enemy in a large and destructive wave of morphix power.
Attack the enemy with ultimate power of the purest form of morphix power.
Attack the enemy with a boom of sonic energy.
Attack the enemy with a bomb of sonic energy.
Attack the enemy with a boom of deep sonic energy.
Through the harmony of a fairy’s heart heal the entire party and weaken the enemy.
Reflect damage and weaken the enemy by creating a form of sonic energy.
Attack the enemy with a beam of electricity.
Trap the enemy in an electric cage to attempt and petrify it.
Attack the enemy with a blast of digital energy.
Attack the enemy multiple times with a storm of magical and digital numbers and algorithms.
Protect an ally with a shield made of digital energy.
Protect an ally with a shield made of sand.
Blast the enemy with a torrent of bubbles.
Protect and rejuvinate your allies with a power pearl with the power of the seas.
Attack the enemy with a beam of amber.
Summon forth large amber flames.
Attack the enemy with a magnificent nova.
Engulf the enemy with magma and crystals from the deepest depths of the earth.
Protect an ally by covering them in a durable frost.
Attack the enemey with a might sword forged from snowflakes.
Blast the enemy with a ruthless blizzard.
Call fourth the mystical powers of the winter blue moon to unleash powerful magic.
Create electric waves to attempt to petrify the enemy.
Attack the enemy with a beam of neon energy.
Attack the enemy with a beam of pure metal.
Through the magic of a heavenly forge attack the enemy with newfound power.
Attack the enemy with sharp prismatic shards.
Cloak the enemy in darknes in an attempt to blind it.
Attack the enemy with a beam of stars.
Attack the enemy with a stunning whip of starlight.
Attack the enemy by engulfing them in endless stars.
Order a dauntless attack from a mirage created by the constelations above.
Stab the enemy with a toxic thorn to curse it.
Stab the enemy with the most toxic of thorns to dramatacally cause more pain from a curse.
Bloom the most toxic flower known to mankind to cause the enemy imeasurable pain.
Protect an ally with a magic absorbing sheild of darkness.
Attack the enemy by engulfing them in endless darkness.
Attack the enemy with a sun charm.
Attack the enemy with a moon charm.
Increase magic with a magic charm;
Increase defense with a defensive charm;
Attack the enemy with a water glyph.
Attack the enemy with a stone glyph.
Attack the enemy with a fire glyph.
Attack the enemy with a wind glyph.
Attack the enemy with a nature shard.
Attack the enemy with a magic shard.
Heal an ally with a healing shard.
Shield an ally with a shielding shard.
Blast the enemy with a ball of dream energy.
Engulf the enemy in a flaming aurora.
Trap the enemy in an endless nightmare in an attempt to curse.
Enhance an ally's magical enemy with the power of myths.
Summon a wave with waters from every ocean.
Strike the enemy with an arrow blessed by the moon.
Lower the enemy's defenses by the alluring power of the ocean.
Create a magical trident to absorb the enemy's life power.
Attack the enemy with the pure natural power of a fairy.
Strike the enemy down with a large needle of light.
Heal an ally with the warm embrace of a fairy.
Counteract the effects of a status condition with magical fairy pollen.
Create a meteor to smash the enemy.
Summon forth strong winds to damage the enemy.
Protect an ally with a shield made of space dust.
Create a colorful neon prism to enhance an ally.
Mentally damage the enemy with the all seeing power of a magical illuminating eye.
Fundamentally alter the fabric of space-time to your benefit.
Fortell a curse of the future onto the enemy's present.
Blind the enemy with the brightest of stars.
Bring forth ultimate dragon power.
Surround the enemy in red hot flames.
Call forth flames that created the universe to enhance an ally.
Magically craft armors of legend to grant to an ally.
Trap the enemy in a relentless, unending whirlpool.
Use the power of pure midnight to your advantage.
Bring forth the Curse of Sirenix onto the enemy.
Use ancient, abyssal magic to weaken the enemy.
Attack the enemy with the royal power of the blue seas.
Attack the enemy with the ultimate whip of the ocean.
Protect an ally with a royal shield.
Wish upon a rainbow pearl to bring forth good fortune.
Attack the enemy with the disasterous wrath of mother nature.
Heal the party with a symphony of flowers.
Enhance an ally with the power of rainbow butterfly fairy wings.
Silence an enemy with the pure resonating sounds of nature.
Create an amazing explosion of pure fairy light and essence to desamate the enemy.
Make a sacrifice worthy of a gauridan fairy.
Heal an ally of all ailments with the power of rainbows.
Use the pixie dust of an Enchantix fairy to heal an ally.
Create a powerful enchantment of crystals and jewels.
Protect the party with a curtain of crystal magic.
Summon a reflective jewel that shows ones true self.
Raise an ally's defense by creating an amazing shine.
Bring forth the four earthly winds.
Summon forth the vengeful spirit of fallen warriors.
Summon forth the hopeful spirit of enduring warriors.
Use the powers of all past experiences.
spell
spell
spell
spell
spell
spell