Hi hi hi! I'm Arianna, nice to meet you! Smile for the camera! 
Aren't you sooooo excited to be here at Alfea. It's just a dream come true. 
I can't wait to hone my fairy skills and get my wings! 
OMG I am so excited to fly around all the wonderful places and stratums with my wings. 
SO excited!
Aren't you sooooo excited to be here at Alfea. It's just a dream come true. 
I can't wait to hone my fairy skills and get my wings! 
OMG I am so excited to fly around all the wonderful places and stratums with my wings. 
SO excited!
The willow woods are big, I've gotten lost a few times, no multiple times, no like every time I enter the place. 
Why does it have to be so large? Probably because it makes it challenging right. 
Well then I guess that's fun.
I guess...
How can Blanche be so mean. I am not an airhead. 
If I was so air headed I would not get upset over what she said. 
But no, I heard it. I am an expert listener, I just decide not to listen to what other people say... usually. 
Plus if I account for every small detail that could be wrong, like earth magic does, 
then my air magic would do nothing. It would be soulless. 
So Blanche should be thankful I'm like this. 
Wait a second...
Since my magic is air magic it somewhat works stronger in the snow. 
Can you believe that! I mean, well I can actually. But isn't it crazy. 
And not only that, but the shapes snowflakes make are different, and those different shapes have different magical properties. 
Professor Luna taught me all this, she's like so smart and beautiful. 
I wish I was like Professor Luna. 
Everyone is like, complaining about the clouds disappearing and being afraid they'll fall down to the ground of the stairs and like die. 
I mean I get where they're all coming from but we have wings. I don't think we'll die from falling. 
Also like, because I'm an air fairy I don't really have to worry about the clouds disappearing. 
I step on them and they don't go poof, I can't imagine what it would be like if they did. 
My life would be so sad if it happened to me.
I wish I had a fey artifact. Professor Luna says they boost your power and give you a special transformation. 
And really the only way that the Fey Fairies were able to be so successful were because of their artifacts. 
Can you believe that! 
They had their own special transformation. I want my own special transformation, like Bloom, you know? 
It would be called Grandix and you would need like a special taira and then like sacrifice yourself or something.
The Ancient Abyss is lame. It's too deep in the ground. 
Like there is no fresh air, that is so lame. So stagnant. So old. 
Like have you seen the knights. They really need to get some fresh sun and air. It would help their complexion sooo much. 
Wait but they are knights of darkness, so they would probably die in the sun. 
But then that would make them easier to defeat. 
I think they should totally go in the sun.
The End of the Rainbow is so cool. It's like so high up and colorful and airy and bright. I love it! 
And like have you seen the angles of light. 
They spend all their day in this intense sunlight and yet keep a beautiful totally nownrinkly complexion. I am totes jealy. 
Oh plus, there is this one angel who has wind magic like me. 
I hope she can teach me, but whenever I try to approach here she just attempts to murder me. 
So mean. like how can they be angels if they attack inconet fairies.
The year is over, oh my goodness, what a great year. 
Hey by the way, like, I'm sorry I talked so much. I just love to talk and you are like the only person who listens to me. 
Thanks! 
...
...
... 
I don't have anything else to say accept I'm glad you are my friend. I'll totes miss you.